#
# dotphiles : https://github.com/dotphiles/dotphiles
#
# Config for dotsync.
#
# Authors:
#   Ben O'Hara <bohara@gmail.com>
#

# Location of your dotfiles in $HOME
# DOTFILES=.dotfiles

# dotfiles to symlink
#
# srcfile:dstfile
# dstfile will be '.$srcfile' by default (with path removed)
#
[files]
# Uncomment examples below
dotsyncrc
ack/ackrc
aptitude
bin:bin
ctags/ctags
cmus
#curl/curlrc
git/gitconfig
git/gitignore
git/gitattributes
git/tigrc
git/gitk
gnupg
grc
input/editrc
input/inputrc
irssi
mercurial/hgrc
mercurial/hgignore
#mutt
#mutt/muttrc
#mutt/offlineimaprc
mysql/my.cnf
postgresql/psqlrc
python/pythonrc
python/pylintrc
rpm/rpmmacros
ruby/irbrc
ruby/pryrc
ruby/gemrc
ruby/railsrc
ruby/rdebugrc
ruby/aprc
ruby/caprc
screen/screenrc
shell/hushlogin
shell/urlview
subversion
task/task
task/taskrc
terminfo
tmux/tmux.conf
tmux/tmuxinator
tmux/tmuxp
tmux/tmuxifier
vim/dotvim:.vim
vim/vimrc
vim/gvimrc
wget/wgetrc
zsh/fasdrc
zsh/dotzsh:.zsh
zsh/zlogin
zsh/zlogout
zsh/zprofile
zsh/zshenv
zsh/zshrc
[endfiles]

# Hosts to sync
## hostname                     type=masterhost, ANY or NONE    files=dotfile:tolink,another:tolink
[hosts]
macbook-air.benohara.net        git=NONE                        files=beets/config.yaml:.config/beets/config.yaml,ssh
mac-mini.benohara.net           git=macbook-air.benohara.net    files=beets/config.yaml:.config/beets/config.yaml,ssh
nas.benohara.net                rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh
pi.benohara.net                 rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh
desktop-vm                      rsync=macbook-air.benohara.net  files=ssh

mgmt1.mel.arsrs.local           rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.syd.arsrs.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.akl.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.akl.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.ams.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.ams.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.ams.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.ams.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.ams.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.ams.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.bne.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.bne.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.bog.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.bog.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.hkg.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.hkg.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.ist.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.ist.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.jbo.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.jbo.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.mad.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.mad.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.mad.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.mad.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.mad.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.mad.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.mel.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.mel.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.mel.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.mel.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.mel.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.mia.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.mia.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.mia.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.mia.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.mia.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.mia.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.nbo.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.nbo.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.per.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.per.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.sao.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.sao.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.sjc.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.sjc.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.sto.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.sto.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.syd.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.syd.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.syd.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.syd.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.syd.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.syd.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.tky.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.tky.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.tky.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.tky.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.tky.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.tky.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.tor.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns2.tor.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns3.tor.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns4.tor.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
dns5.tor.ardns.local            rsync=desktop-vm
mgmt1.tor.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
stealth1.stag.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
stealth1.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
stealth2.mel.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
stealth1.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
stealth2.syd.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
build1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
office-backup.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=desktop-vm
backup1.office.arsrs.local      rsync=desktop-vm
db1.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
db2.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
db3.mel.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats3.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
dnsstats3.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
webdns1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
webdns2.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
webdns1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
webdns2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
db1.stag.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
db2.stag.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
otedb1.stag.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
occ1.stag.arsrs.local           rsync=desktop-vm
psg-confluence.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=desktop-vm
staging-db.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=desktop-vm
jde.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=desktop-vm
occ1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
occ1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
otedb1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
otedb1.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
webdns1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
db1.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
db2.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
db3.syd.arsrs.local             rsync=desktop-vm
storage.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
satellite1.mel.arsrs.local      rsync=desktop-vm
dns1.stag.ardns.local           rsync=desktop-vm
backup1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
backup1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
psg-apps.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au  rsync=desktop-vm
ldap2.burnleyst.vic.ausregistry.com.au     rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp2.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp3.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-epp3.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
epp1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
epp2.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
epp1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
epp2.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
registry1.stag.arsrs.local      rsync=desktop-vm
webdns1.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
stealth1.stag.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
ca-test.stag.arsrs.local        rsync=desktop-vm
netmon2.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
slamon1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
slamon1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
ids1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
ids1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
syslog1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
syslog1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app1.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app2.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app3.mel.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app1.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app2.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
au-web-app3.syd.arsrs.local     rsync=desktop-vm
whois1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
whois2.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
whois1.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
whois2.syd.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
ote1.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
ote2.mel.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
ote1.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
ote2.syd.arsrs.local            rsync=desktop-vm
registry1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry3.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry4.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry5.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry6.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry3.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry4.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry5.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
registry6.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
escrow1.mel.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
escrow1.syd.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
reseller1.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
reseller2.mel.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
reseller1.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
reseller2.syd.arsrs.local       rsync=desktop-vm
ote-reseller1.mel.arsrs.local   rsync=desktop-vm
ote-reseller1.syd.arsrs.local   rsync=desktop-vm
reseller1.stag.arsrs.local      rsync=desktop-vm
ote-reseller1.stag.arsrs.local  rsync=desktop-vm
build1.mel.arsrs.local          rsync=desktop-vm
dev-cer-testing2.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=desktop-vm
csr-prod-staging.stkildard.vic.ausregistry.com.au rsync=desktop-vm
dev-cer-ci-desktop.office       rsync=desktop-vm
whois1.stag.arsrs.local         rsync=desktop-vm
ote-orer-web1.mel.arsrs.local   rsync=desktop-vm
[endhosts]

